Move phone, email, software OATH authentication methods from beta to v1.0 (#16840)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/resources/softwareoathauthenticationmethod.md

---
title: "softwareOathAuthenticationMethod resource type"

> description: "A representation of a Software OATH token registered to a user. Software OATH is a multi-factor authentication method."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Represents a Software OATH token registered to a user. Software OATH is a multi-factor authentication method."
```

author: "mmcla"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# softwareOathAuthenticationMethod resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

> A representation of a software OATH token registered to a user. A software OATH token is a software-based number generator that uses the OATH Time-Based One Time Password (TOTP) standard for multi-factor authentication. This API will not return Microsoft Authenticator authentication method entities, though it will return an entity if Microsoft Authenticator was set up via the third-party software authenticator flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents a software OATH token registered to a user. A software OATH token is a software-based number generator that uses the OATH Time-Based One Time Password (TOTP) standard for multi-factor authentication. This API will not return Microsoft Authenticator authentication method entities, though it will return an entity if Microsoft Authenticator was set up via the third-party software authenticator flow.
```
